# Meeting 04062020

## Review previous actions

[x] @ChrisChinchilla will move his docs to https://github.com/sustainers/docs
[x] Javier @RichardLitt Review
[x] Chris will send notes to all of the OpenCollectives about the office hours
[x] @chrischinchilla will set this up.
[x] @RichardLitt will follow up on May 11th
[x] @RichardLitt Move the notes from the session 3 into the Repo
[ ] Moving forward also needing sections on docs for contributing “getting started” etc (contributor vs user perspective)


## Exploration questions

1. (JWF) WG goals?
1. (JWF) Scope of WG?
1. (JWF) Did Erin mention working on some sort of "collaboration" best practices docs for Good Docs Project? (thinking of Javi and Governance Readiness WG)


## What are people hoping to get out of this WG?

- Crossover of design and docs (design documentation)
- Helping projects fill the common missing gaps in engaging with a project from a docs perspective (how to contact, issue templates etc)
- What do mean by open source project documentation
    - Do we have a common vocabulary yet? Do you and I mean the same thing when we say "open source docs"?
- What is the overlap between this WG, WTD, GDP etc, and how do they all fit together (or not)?


## Possible paths forward

1. Collaborating with other docs communities, and starting a Sustainability working group in those existing communities instead of pushing this work _from_ Sustain
    2. Starting docs to keep them "maintainable"
3. Defining what sustainability in open source docs means
    * What makes docs sustainable?
    * "Checklist" to test if docs are sustainable / cared about? :)
    * (JWF) …Principles of Sustainable Docs? :sweat_smile: 
    * How to keep "docs going", or up to date, maintained, cared about
    * (Erin) Content maintainability, technical maintainability, community maintainability
4. Design documentation: Something underrepresented in open source to-date
    * Might not be what we traditionally think of docs
    * Could use a community-agreed _definition_


## Action items for next time

* Reach out to existing groups (WTD (Chris), GDP (Erin), Fedora/Red Hat (JWF))
    * We are a WG of sustain looking into how to help OSS projects "sustain" their docs. What does sustaining docs mean to you?
    * Chris to focus the office hours on these subjects, and invite others
    * Due date: 2020-06-01
* Eriol to bring up docs with the Sustain design community
    * Due date: YYYY-MM-DD
* .
    * Due date: YYYY-MM-DD
